Add reference docs on memfaultd CLI and configuration (#273)
memfault/memfault-docs: docs/linux/reference-memfaultd-configuration.mdx

- [Source for `memfaultd`][source-memfaultd].

## `/etc/memfaultd.conf`

A [full configuration example can be found in the source directory of
`memfaultd`][source-builtin-conf]. Here's a copy:

```json
{
  "queue_size": 1024,
  "refresh_interval": 3600,
  "enable_data_collection": false,
  "software_version": "<YOUR_SOFTWARE_VERSION>",
  "software_type": "<YOUR_SOFTWARE_TYPE>",
  "project_key": "<YOUR_PROJECT_KEY>",
  "base_url": "https://device.memfault.com",
  "data_dir": "/media/memfaultd",
  "swupdate_plugin": {
    "input_file": "/etc/swupdate.cfg",
    "output_file": "/tmp/swupdate.cfg"
  },
  "reboot_plugin": {
    "uboot_fw_env_file": "/etc/fw_env.config"
  }
}
```

### Top-level `/etc/memfaultd.conf` configuration

| Field                    | Description                                                                                                                                  | Recommended value                         |
| ------------------------ | -------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- | ----------------------------------------- |

> | `queue_size`             | Size of `$data_dir/memfaultd-queue` in bytes.                                                                                                | 1024                                      |

Reviewer: As raised [here](https://memfault.slack.com/archives/C037Z581MH9/p1658862979389079) I think 1024 bytes is way too small.

Author: using 1048576

| `refresh_interval`       | The frequency (in seconds) with which `memfaultd` will attempt to flush its queue and post it to Memfault.                                   | 3600                                      |
| `enable_data_collection` | Whether `memfaultd` should collect and post data to Memfault. Read more [here][docs-enable-data-collection]                                  | `false` (ask for user consent first)      |

> | `base_url`               | The URL to Memfault's device API.                                                                                                            | `https://device.memfault.com`             |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `base_url`               | The base URL to Memfault's device API.                                                                                                            | `https://device.memfault.com`             |
```

| `software_version`       | The current version of your software. Read more [here][docs-software-version].                                                               | _Project-specific_                        |
| `software_type`          | The current version of your software. Read more [here][docs-software-type].                                                                  | _Project-specific_                        |

> | `project_key`            | A write-only key for your Project. Find yours in **Project -> Settings** in the app.                                                         | _Project-specific_                        |

Reviewer: Add a link to the settings page using Marcel's magic `-` placeholders for org/project?

Author: Great!

| `swupdate_plugin`        | Our plugin for OTA. Included in `memfaultd` by default. Read more [here][docs-control-memfaultd-plugins].                                    | See [`swupdate_plugin`](#swupdate_plugin) |
| `reboot_plugin`          | Our plugin for reboot reason tracking. Included in `memfaultd` by default. Read more [here][docs-control-memfaultd-plugins].                 | See [`reboot_plugin`](#reboot_plugin)     |

### `swupdate_plugin`

```json
{
  "queue_size": 1024,
  // highlight-start
  "swupdate_plugin": {
    "input_file": "/etc/swupdate.cfg",
    "output_file": "/tmp/swupdate.cfg"
  }
  // highlight-end
}
```

| Field         | Description                                                                                                                                                                                | Recommended value   |
| ------------- | ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------ | ------------------- |

> | `input_file`  | Will be used as a base for `$output_file`. May not specify `identify` or `suricatta` sections, since those are controlled by `memfaultd`. See [upstream SWUpdate docs][swupdate-cfg-docs]. | `/etc/swupdate.cfg` |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `input_file`  | Will be used as the base SWUpdate configuration when generating `$output_file`. May not specify `identify` or `suricatta` sections, since those are controlled by `memfaultd` and will otherwise be overwritten. See [upstream SWUpdate docs][swupdate-cfg-docs]. | `/etc/swupdate.cfg` |
```

> | `output_file` | Generated by `memfaultd` using `$input_file` as a base.                                                                                                                                    | `/tmp/swupdate.cfg` |

Reviewer: Mention here that this path also needs to be passed to `swupdate` when starting the service / link to our example or link to the swupdate-cfg-docs?

### `reboot_plugin`

```json
{
  "queue_size": 1024,
  // highlight-start
  "reboot_plugin": {
    "uboot_fw_env_file": "/etc/fw_env.config"
  }
  // highlight-end
}
```

| Field               | Description                                                                                                             | Recommended value    |
| ------------------- | ----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- | -------------------- |

> | `uboot_fw_env_file` | Path to a valid `fw_env.config` file. Needed for our reboots plugin for SWUpdate. Read more [here][source-libubootenv]. | `/etc/fw_env.config` |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `uboot_fw_env_file` | Path to a valid `fw_env.config` file. Needed for `memfaultd`'s reboot reason tracking plugin. Read more [here][source-libubootenv]. | `/etc/fw_env.config` |
```
Maybe link to our example where the layer is added? I think that's more practical/useful than linking to the source code of libubootenv.

Makes me wonder whether we need a table / overview somewhere in the docs listing the different features/options and their subsystem dependencies.

Author: Added a link!

> Makes me wonder whether we need a table / overview somewhere in the docs listing the different features/options and their subsystem dependencies.

Sounds like a good idea, but I already have too many fronts open atm.
